I just spent all day coming back from the Amazon.
And to tell you how much I like the Amazon, I'm going to take you on a boat ride.
The boat ride begins here, where the Amazon does.
At the intersection of the Black River and the White River, together they form the Amazon
River.
And as you take your boat through its waters, you will say to yourself, that must be
heaven.
The better, makes a perfect mirror of the clear blue skies, the shy dolphins pop up to
make an appearance as the rain does, too, because well, it's a rain forest.
But when it stops raining, your spot is lost on the nearby tree, a shiny piranha under
your boat, a bird flying over your boat, and the tree is so big, you'll think it's
the biggest in the world.
And even at night, the Amazon is filled with life.
The Amazon is much more than the river going through trees.
The Amazon is by far the most magical place I've ever seen.
That's the Amazon.
That's one minute.
See you tomorrow.